Document new statistics columns for `SHOW INDEXES` (#512)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/indexes-for-search-performance.adoc

| The name of the constraint the index is associated with or `null` if the index is not associated with any constraint. label:default-output[]
| `STRING`

// New in 5.8
| `lastRead`

> | The last time the index was used for reading. `null` if it has not yet been read since `trackedSince` or the statistics are not tracked. label:default-output[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The last time the index was used for reading.
Returns `null` if the index has not been read since `trackedSince`, or if the statistics are not tracked. label:default-output[]
```

> | The last time the index was used for reading, or `null` if it has not yet been read since `trackedSince` or the statistics are not tracked. label:default-output[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| The last time the index was used for reading. `null` if it has not yet been read since `trackedSince` or the statistics are not tracked. label:default-output[]
```
Otherwise it's a little ambiguous which `or` gets "evaluated" first.
